= api_postcode_nl

A gem for interfacing with http://api.postcode.nl, a webservice that converts a Dutch postcode + house number into a full address. Go to http://api.postcode.nl to sign up and create a secret + key. 

Disclaimer: the creator of this gem is not in any way affiliated with api.postcode.nl.

== Installation

Add to your Gemfile:

  gem "api_postcode_nl"

== Configuration
  ApiPostcodeNl::API.key="your key here"
  ApiPostcodeNl::API.secret="your secret here"

== Usage
  ApiPostcodeNl::API.address("9999AA", "123", "a")
  # result:
  {:street_name=>nil, :house_number=>nil, :postcode=>nil, :city=>nil, :municipality=>nil, :province=>nil, :latitude=>nil, :longitude=>nil, :address_type=>nil, :purpose=>nil, :area=>nil, :house_number_additions=>nil}

== Contributing to api_postcode_nl
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 rhomeister. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
